Call Jason 
Home
Roofing Restorations
Roof Maintenance & Repairs
Roof Repair Services, Birkdale
Gutters
Gutter Maintenance
Gutter Replacements
Gallery
Contact Us
Blog

Weatherite

Your Roofing & Guttering Maintenance & Restoration Specialists in The Redlands

Free Quotes and Sensible Pricing

Contact Us Today 
Transform Your Roof and Gutters with Weatherite

Are you looking for a reliable, experienced professional to care for your roofing restoration and gutter maintenance needs? Look no further! At Weatherite, we specialise in providing top-quality services to homeowners in the Redlands and the surrounding areas.




With over 30 years of industry experience, Jason has built a reputation for delivering exceptional workmanship, integrity, and genuine service. Whether you need roof repairs, gutter replacement, or general maintenance, Jason has you covered. Contact us today for a free quote!

New paragraph

OUR SERVICES

ROOF RESTORATION

Restore the beauty and integrity of your roof with our expert restoration services.

ROOF REPAIRS

Trust us to fix leaks,  repointing, damages, and other issues to ensure the longevity of your roof.

ROOF REPLACEMENT

We provide reliable and efficient roof replacement solutions when the restoration is insufficient.

GUTTER MAINTENANCE & REPLACEMENT

Keep your gutters in optimal condition with our comprehensive maintenance and replacement services.

Why Choose Weatherite:

Over 30 Years of Industry Experience

Our extensive experience ensures we deliver high-quality workmanship and reliable services.

No Job Too Big or Small

Unlike our competitors, we are happy to take on large and small roofing and guttering projects.

Genuine Service

We pride ourselves on providing honest, transparent, and customer-oriented service. Your satisfaction is our priority.

Free Quote: 

Contact us today for a free quote. We will assess your requirements and provide you with an accurate estimate.

Make Weatherite your go-to roofing restoration and gutter maintenance company in Brisbane. Trust our expertise, and let us care for your roofing and guttering needs.

Contact us today to discuss your roofing and guttering needs and get a free quote!

Call Today 
Home
Roofing Restorations
Roof Maintenance & Repairs
Roof Repair Services, Birkdale
Gutters
Gutter Maintenance
Gutter Replacements
Gallery
Contact Us
Blog

BUSINESS INFO

Address:
PO Box 5059, Victoria Point, QLD 4165

Email:
weatherite3@gmail.com

Phone:
0412 686 071

BUSINESS HOURS

Mon - Sat
8:00 am - 5:00 pm
Sunday
Closed

QBCC Licence No. 150 166 36 

CERT III IN ROOF TILING & ROOF PLUMBING

CERT III IN PAINTING & DECORATING

PAYMENT OPTION

ABN: 35 079 353 209﻿

Content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. Downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Share by:
Contact
Let's Talk!
Thanks for stopping by! We're here to help, please don't hesitate to reach out.

Click-to-call 0412686071
Send us a file
We'd love to hear from you
Follow on Facebook
View Link
Call 0412686071
Click-to-call 0412686071
Send us a file
We'd love to hear from you
Follow on Facebook
View Link